{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green70\blue127;\red80\green80\blue80;\red200\green50\blue50;\red0\green120\blue0;}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\f1\fs22\cf1 Normal;}
{\s1\f1\fs36\b\cf2 Heading 1;}
{\s2\f1\fs28\b\cf2 Heading 2;}
{\s3\f1\fs24\b\cf3 Heading 3;}
}

\f1\fs22

{\f1\fs44\b\cf2 TeeRex Event Manager Training Programme\par}
{\f1\fs28\cf3 4-Session Guide \emdash  COD Mobile Tournaments\par}
\par

{\f1\fs20\cf3 Document Version: May 2025  |  Platform: TeeRex  |  Training Context: COD Mobile Tournament Operations\par}
\par\par

{\f1\fs30\b\cf2 OVERVIEW\par}
\par
{\b Purpose:} Train a new event manager to independently create, publish, and manage Call of Duty Mobile tournaments on the TeeRex platform \emdash  from setup to post-event wrap-up.\par
\par
{\b Format:} 4 live video call sessions. Each session has two parts:\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  {\b Trainer Demo (screen share ON):} Trainer walks through the topic live on TeeRex\par
\bullet  {\b Trainee Practice (screen share ON):} Trainee repeats the same actions to demonstrate understanding\par
\pard
\par
{\b Trainee Background:} No prior blockchain, crypto, or Web3 experience required. TeeRex handles all the blockchain complexity automatically \emdash  the trainee only needs to know what to click and when.\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf4 PRE-TRAINING CHECKLIST (Send Before Session 1)\par}
\par
Send the trainee the following before the first session:\par
\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  A link to the TeeRex platform\par
\bullet  Their login email address (the one they\rquote ll use to sign in)\par
\bullet  A note: {\i "We\rquote ll be creating real COD Mobile tournament events together \emdash  no technical background is needed. Just bring your laptop and a stable internet connection."}\par
\pard
\par\par\par

{\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrsp100\par}
\par

{\f1\fs36\b\cf2 SESSION 1 \emdash  Platform Orientation & Account Setup\par}
\par
{\b Duration:} 60\endash 75 minutes\par
{\b Goal:} The trainee can independently navigate the platform, understand what each section does, and is fully logged in with an account\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 1: TRAINER-LED WALKTHROUGH (40 minutes)\par}
\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 1.1 \emdash  What is TeeRex? (10 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Cover the following (in plain language):}\par
\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  TeeRex is an event ticketing platform for managing events and selling tickets \emdash  similar to Eventbrite or Ticketmaster, but with extra verification features built in.\par
\bullet  When someone buys a ticket on TeeRex, they receive a digital proof of that ticket that cannot be faked or duplicated. This means you\rquote ll always know exactly who has a legitimate ticket.\par
\bullet  For COD Mobile tournaments, this is useful because: you control who gets in, you can see the full list of registered players, and you can lock or unlock registrations at any time.\par
\bullet  You do NOT need to understand blockchain or cryptocurrency to use TeeRex. The platform handles all of that in the background. Your job is event creation and management.\par
\pard
\par
{\b Trainer talking point:} {\i "Think of TeeRex as your tournament registration system. Attendees sign up, pay their entry fee, and get a ticket. You can see who\rquote s registered and manage the event from one dashboard."}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 1.2 \emdash  Logging In (10 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through on screen:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Open the TeeRex platform in the browser\par
2.  Click {\b Sign In} (top right)\par
3.  Show the login options:\par
\pard\li720
\bullet  {\b Email} \emdash  enter email, receive a code, paste the code to log in (no password needed)\par
\bullet  {\b Phone Number} \emdash  same process via SMS\par
\bullet  {\b Wallet} \emdash  for crypto-savvy users (skip for now; email is recommended)\par
\pard\li360
4.  Log in using the email method\par
5.  Show that the platform remembers the login \emdash  no need to sign in every time on the same device\par
\pard
\par
{\b Important note:} {\i "TeeRex uses a magic link/code login \emdash  there is no password to remember. Always check your inbox for the login code. It expires in a few minutes, so enter it quickly."}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 1.3 \emdash  Navigating the Platform (20 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through each section on screen:}\par
\par
{\b Header / Navigation Bar:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  TeeRex logo \emdash  takes you to the home page\par
\bullet  {\b Explore} \emdash  browse all public events (this is what your players/attendees see)\par
\bullet  {\b Create Event} \emdash  where you build a new tournament\par
\bullet  {\b My Events} \emdash  your personal dashboard of tournaments you\rquote ve created\par
\bullet  {\b My Tickets} \emdash  tickets YOU have purchased (as an attendee)\par
\bullet  Profile/Avatar \emdash  account settings\par
\pard
\par
{\b The Explore Page:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Show how the page looks: event cards displayed as a grid\par
\bullet  Point out the event card information: title, date, location, price, spots remaining\par
\bullet  Show the search bar \emdash  can search by tournament name\par
\bullet  Show the filter bar: by price (Free / Paid), by category, by date range\par
\bullet  Explain: {\i "This is what your tournament will look like to players browsing the platform. First impressions matter \emdash  the event image and title are the most important."}\par
\pard
\par
{\b The My Events Page:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Show the summary stats at the top (total events, total capacity)\par
\bullet  Show an example event card: tickets sold vs. capacity\par
\bullet  Point out the {\b Manage} button on each event card \emdash  this is the main control panel for a live tournament\par
\pard
\par
{\b The My Tickets Page:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Show how purchased tickets appear here as event cards\par
\bullet  Explain: {\i "When you buy a ticket to someone else\rquote s event, it shows here. For your own tournaments, you\rquote ll mostly use My Events."}\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 2: TRAINEE PRACTICE (25 minutes)\par}
\par
{\i Trainee turns on their screen share. Trainer observes and coaches.}\par
\par
Ask the trainee to complete each of the following independently:\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  {\b Log out} of TeeRex and {\b log back in} using the email code method\par
2.  Navigate to {\b Explore} and find any existing event on the platform\par
3.  Click on an event card and describe out loud: what information they can see\par
4.  Navigate to {\b My Events} \emdash  confirm it\rquote s empty (no events created yet)\par
5.  Navigate to {\b My Tickets} \emdash  confirm it\rquote s empty\par
6.  Without help, answer: {\i "Where would you go to start creating a new tournament?"}\par
\pard
\par
{\b\cf5 Pass criteria:} Trainee can log in, navigate all three main sections, and identify where to go to create an event.\par
\par\par\par

{\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrsp100\par}
\par

{\f1\fs36\b\cf2 SESSION 2 \emdash  Creating a COD Mobile Tournament Event\par}
\par
{\b Duration:} 75\endash 90 minutes\par
{\b Goal:} The trainee can independently complete the full 4-step event creation wizard and save a tournament as a draft\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 1: TRAINER-LED WALKTHROUGH (50 minutes)\par}
\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 2.1 \emdash  Overview of the Creation Flow (5 minutes)\par}
\par
Explain the four steps before starting:\par
\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  {\b Step 1 \emdash  Basic Info:} Event name, description, image, date, time, type (online or physical)\par
\bullet  {\b Step 2 \emdash  Event Details:} Category, location or platform link, player capacity\par
\bullet  {\b Step 3 \emdash  Ticket Settings:} How players pay to register (free, crypto, or Nigerian Naira)\par
\bullet  {\b Step 4 \emdash  Preview & Publish:} Review everything, then save as draft or go live\par
\pard
\par
{\i "At the end we\rquote ll save it as a draft, not publish it yet. Publishing makes it live to the public \emdash  we\rquote ll cover that in Session 3."}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 2.2 \emdash  Step 1: Basic Information (15 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through on screen:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Click {\b Create Event} in the navigation\par
2.  {\b Event Title:} Good example: {\i "TeeRex x COD Mobile \emdash  Season 3 Qualifier"} \emdash  include tournament round or season\par
3.  {\b Event Description:} Use the text editor to write tournament rules, prize structure, format\par
\pard\li720
Example: {\i "Open COD Mobile tournament. Solo 1v1 elimination format. 16 slots. Winner takes 80% of prize pool."}\par
\pard\li360
4.  {\b Event Date:} Click the calendar picker and select the tournament date\par
5.  {\b Start Time & End Time:} Allow buffer time (e.g., check-in 6pm, tournament 7pm\endash 10pm)\par
6.  {\b Event Type:} Select {\b Virtual} for online tournaments; {\b Physical} for LAN events\par
7.  {\b Event Image:} Upload a banner image (max 5MB, JPEG or PNG works best)\par
\pard\li720
Tip: Use a graphic that includes the game name, date, and prize pool for maximum impact\par
\pard\li360
8.  Click {\b Next} to proceed to Step 2\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 2.3 \emdash  Step 2: Event Details (10 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through on screen:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  {\b Category:} Select the most appropriate category (e.g., Gaming, Sports, Entertainment)\par
2.  {\b Location / Platform Link:}\par
\pard\li720
\bullet  For Virtual: paste a Discord server link, Zoom link, or tournament bracket link\par
\bullet  For Physical: enter the full venue address\par
\pard\li360
3.  {\b Capacity:} Maximum number of players who can register\par
\pard\li720
\bullet  Typical COD Mobile formats: 8, 16, 32, or 64 slots\par
\bullet  {\b Important: Once published, capacity cannot be changed. Set this carefully.}\par
\pard\li360
4.  Click {\b Next} to proceed to Step 3\par
\pard
\par
{\b Key point to emphasise:} {\i "Capacity is the maximum number of tickets. If your tournament supports 16 players, set capacity to 16. You can always stop registrations early by locking the event \emdash  but you cannot increase capacity after publishing."}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 2.4 \emdash  Step 3: Ticket Settings (20 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b This is the most important step. Walk through each option carefully.}\par
\par
{\b Payment Method \emdash  Three Choices:}\par
\par
{\b Option A \emdash  Free (No Entry Fee)}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Select {\b Free}\par
\bullet  No payment from players required\par
\bullet  Best for: warm-up tournaments, community events, prize-only tournaments\par
\bullet  Players click "Get Ticket" and receive registration confirmation instantly\par
\pard
\par
{\b Option B \emdash  Crypto (ETH or USDC)}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Select {\b Crypto}; choose currency: ETH or USDC\par
\bullet  Enter the price (example: 5 USDC \approx  荘 8,500 at current rates)\par
\bullet  Best for: international players or players who already hold crypto\par
\bullet  Players need a crypto wallet to pay \emdash  this has a learning curve for some players\par
\pard
\par
{\b Option C \emdash  Fiat/Paystack (Nigerian Naira) \emdash  Recommended for most Nigerian tournaments}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Select {\b Fiat (Paystack)}; enter the price in Naira (e.g., 荘 2,000)\par
\bullet  Players pay with their bank card, USSD, or bank transfer\par
\bullet  Best for: Nigerian players \emdash  no crypto knowledge needed\par
\bullet  Note: Requires you to link your bank account (covered in Session 3)\par
\pard
\par
{\b Additional Options (walk through briefly):}\par
\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  {\b Ticket Duration:} Leave as "Event Only" for tournaments\par
\bullet  {\b Transferability:} For tournaments, turn this OFF \emdash  prevents players selling spots to others\par
\bullet  {\b Waitlist:} Turn ON if your tournament fills up quickly\par
\bullet  {\b Allow List:} Leave OFF for open tournaments; turn ON for invite-only events\par
\bullet  {\b Purchase Confirmation Message:} Add: {\i "You\rquote re registered! Join the Discord at [link] for bracket details and check-in instructions."}\par
\pard
\par
\pard\li360
8.  Click {\b Next} to proceed to Step 4\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 2.5 \emdash  Step 4: Preview & Save as Draft (5 minutes)\par}
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Review all event details on the preview screen\par
2.  Check: Title က3  Description က3  Date & Time က3  Capacity က3  Price က3 \par
3.  Click {\b Save as Draft} (NOT "Publish" \emdash  we do that in Session 3)\par
4.  Confirm the event appears in {\b My Events} with a draft label\par
5.  Show how to re-open and continue editing a draft\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 2: TRAINEE PRACTICE (30 minutes)\par}
\par
{\i Trainee turns on their screen share. Trainer observes and coaches.}\par
\par
Ask the trainee to build the following event from scratch as a draft:\par
\par
\pard\li360\li360\ri360\box\brdrs\brdrw10
{\b Practice Tournament Details:}\par
\par
Title: TeeRex COD Mobile \emdash  Practice Tournament\par
Description: Write 3\endash 5 sentences about a fictional prize pool tournament\par
Date: Any date two weeks from today\par
Time: 7:00 PM \endash  10:00 PM\par
Type: Virtual\par
Image: Upload any appropriate gaming image\par
Category: Gaming\par
Location: Discord.gg/[any link]\par
Capacity: 16 players\par
Payment: Paystack / 荘 1,500 entry fee\par
Transferability: Off\par
Waitlist: On\par
Confirmation Message: "Welcome to the tournament! Join our Discord for bracket info."\par
\pard
\par\par
{\b\cf5 Pass criteria:} Trainee saves a complete draft without assistance. The draft appears in My Events with all details correct.\par
\par\par\par

{\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrsp100\par}
\par

{\f1\fs36\b\cf2 SESSION 3 \emdash  Publishing a Live Tournament & Understanding Ticket Purchase\par}
\par
{\b Duration:} 75\endash 90 minutes\par
{\b Goal:} The trainee can set up a payout bank account, publish an event live, and understand what the player experience looks like when they buy a ticket\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 1: TRAINER-LED WALKTHROUGH (55 minutes)\par}
\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 3.1 \emdash  Why Publishing is Different from Saving a Draft (5 minutes)\par}
\par
{\i "When you save a draft, the tournament is only visible to you. When you publish, two things happen: (1) the event becomes live on the Explore page for players to find and register, and (2) TeeRex registers the event on the blockchain \emdash  a permanent, tamper-proof record."}\par
\par
{\i "Because publishing is permanent and affects real players, we want to be 100% sure the event details are correct before clicking Publish. Double-check the capacity and price \emdash  these cannot be changed after publishing."}\par
\par
{\i "For events with Paystack (NGN) payments, you also need to link your bank account BEFORE publishing. Without this, players can register but you won\rquote t receive their payments."}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 3.2 \emdash  Setting Up Your Payout Account (Bank Account Linking) (20 minutes)\par}
\par
{\i This section is for Paystack/NGN tournaments only. Skip if the trainee is only running Free or Crypto events.}\par
\par
{\b Walk through on screen:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Navigate to your profile and find {\b Vendor / Payout Account} in the menu\par
2.  {\b Add Bank Account form:}\par
\pard\li720
\bullet  Select your bank from the Nigerian bank dropdown\par
\bullet  Enter your 10-digit account number\par
\bullet  The system auto-verifies and displays your account name for confirmation\par
\bullet  Confirm the account name matches your bank records\par
\bullet  Click {\b Save / Submit}\par
\pard\li360
3.  Status changes to {\b Verified က3 }\par
4.  Payment split explanation: {\i "For every entry fee paid by a player, 95% goes to your bank account automatically. TeeRex keeps 5% as a platform fee."}\par
\pard
\par
{\b Common questions to address:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  {\i "What if my account name shows incorrectly?"} \emdash  Check you entered the right account number and bank; re-submit\par
\bullet  {\i "When do I receive the money?"} \emdash  Paystack settles to Nigerian bank accounts on a rolling schedule (typically next business day)\par
\bullet  {\i "Can I change the bank account later?"} \emdash  Yes, from the same payout account settings page\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 3.3 \emdash  Publishing the Event (10 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through on screen:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Go to {\b My Events}\par
2.  Open the draft tournament created in Session 2\par
3.  Walk through the 4-step wizard to confirm all details are correct\par
4.  On Step 4 (Preview), click {\b Publish}\par
5.  A confirmation dialog appears \emdash  explain: {\i "This is where TeeRex registers your tournament on the blockchain. It takes about 10\endash 30 seconds. Do not close the window or refresh."}\par
6.  Wait for the success screen:\par
\pard\li720
\bullet  A link to the live event page is shown \emdash  copy and share this link with players\par
\pard\li360
7.  Navigate to {\b Explore} \emdash  confirm the event now appears publicly\par
8.  Navigate to {\b My Events} \emdash  confirm the event is live with "Open" registration status\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 3.4 \emdash  The Player / Attendee Experience (20 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through what a player sees (log out or use incognito mode to simulate):}\par
\par
{\b Path A \emdash  Paystack/NGN ticket purchase:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Player visits the event link (or finds it on Explore)\par
2.  Sees the event page: image, description, date, entry fee in NGN, spots remaining\par
3.  Clicks {\b Get Ticket}\par
4.  A dialog box opens \emdash  player enters:\par
\pard\li720
\bullet  Their email address\par
\bullet  Their phone number\par
\bullet  Their wallet address (auto-filled if they\rquote re logged in)\par
\pard\li360
5.  Clicks {\b Proceed to Payment}\par
6.  Paystack checkout opens \emdash  player pays with card, bank transfer, or USSD\par
7.  After payment: player receives email confirmation and their ticket appears in {\b My Tickets}\par
\pard
\par
{\b Path B \emdash  Free ticket:}\par
\pard\li360
1.  Player clicks {\b Get Ticket}\par
2.  Enters email (no payment required)\par
3.  Registration confirmed immediately\par
\pard
\par
{\b Key points to explain:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Players do NOT need to understand blockchain to buy a ticket. It works like any online ticket purchase.\par
\bullet  As the event creator, you see their registration appear in your attendee list in real time.\par
\bullet  Players confirmed via Paystack are automatically registered \emdash  no manual approval needed.\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 2: TRAINEE PRACTICE (30 minutes)\par}
\par
{\i Trainee turns on their screen share. Trainer observes and coaches.}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  {\b Payout Account Setup:} Trainee navigates to the payout account page and enters their bank account details\par
2.  {\b Publish the Practice Tournament:} Trainee re-opens the draft from Session 2, confirms all details, and clicks Publish. Confirms the event appears live on Explore.\par
3.  {\b Player Simulation:} Trainee opens an incognito browser tab, visits the live event link, and walks through the "Get Ticket" flow as a player \emdash  up to (but not completing) the Paystack payment step. Narrates what the player would experience.\par
4.  {\b Spot Check \emdash  Trainer asks:} {\i "A player messages you saying \rquote I paid but didn\rquote t get a ticket.\rquote  What do you do?"}\par
\pard\li720
Expected answer: Check the attendee list in My Events. If not listed, they may have abandoned checkout \emdash  ask them to retry.\par
\pard
\par
{\b\cf5 Pass criteria:} Trainee successfully publishes a live event and can articulate the player experience end-to-end.\par
\par\par\par

{\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrsp100\par}
\par

{\f1\fs36\b\cf2 SESSION 4 \emdash  Managing Live Tournaments & Ongoing Operations\par}
\par
{\b Duration:} 75\endash 90 minutes\par
{\b Goal:} The trainee can fully manage a live tournament \emdash  controlling registrations, handling edge cases, and wrapping up after the event\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 1: TRAINER-LED WALKTHROUGH (50 minutes)\par}
\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 4.1 \emdash  The Event Management Dashboard (15 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through on screen (open Manage on any live event):}\par
\par
{\b Overview Tab:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Event title, date, capacity\par
\bullet  Tickets sold so far vs. total capacity (e.g., "12 / 16 registered")\par
\bullet  Registration status: Open or Closed\par
\pard
\par
{\b Registrations / Attendees Tab:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Full list of registered players: wallet address and registration date\par
\bullet  Email on file (if captured via Paystack or custom form)\par
\bullet  Use this list to: confirm who\rquote s registered, share bracket invites, follow up with no-shows\par
\pard
\par
{\b Access Control Tab:}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  {\b Allow List:} Restrict registration to invited players only (for invite-only qualifier tournaments)\par
\bullet  {\b Waitlist:} If your tournament filled up, view players here \emdash  promote them if a spot opens\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 4.2 \emdash  Locking & Unlocking Registrations (10 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b Walk through on screen:}\par
\par
{\b Lock Registrations (close registration):}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  When: the day before the tournament, once your bracket is set\par
\bullet  When: if you\rquote re managing slots manually through the waitlist\par
\bullet  How: In the Registrations tab, toggle {\b "Pause Registrations"} \emdash  Confirm\par
\bullet  Result: The "Get Ticket" button disappears; no new registrations accepted\par
\pard
\par
{\b Unlock Registrations (reopen registration):}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  When: you paused registrations but decided to open more spots\par
\bullet  How: Toggle back to {\b "Resume Registrations"}\par
\bullet  Result: The "Get Ticket" button is live again\par
\pard
\par
{\i "Think of this like opening and closing the entrance gate to your tournament. You\rquote re in full control of when the gate is open."}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 4.3 \emdash  Common Scenarios & How to Handle Them (15 minutes)\par}
\par

{\b Scenario 1: Tournament is full (sold out)}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Event card shows "Sold Out"\par
\bullet  If waitlist is enabled: additional players see "Join Waitlist"\par
\bullet  What to do: Check the waitlist in Access Control; if a player drops out, promote a waitlisted player\par
\pard
\par
{\b Scenario 2: A player didn\rquote t receive their ticket after paying}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Check the Attendee List in the Registrations tab\par
\bullet  If not listed: payment may have failed. Ask them to retry.\par
\bullet  If listed but no email: Paystack confirmation emails can go to spam \emdash  ask them to check there\par
\pard
\par
{\b Scenario 3: You need to cancel the tournament}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Lock registrations immediately so no new players sign up\par
\bullet  Notify all registered players directly (export attendee emails from the list)\par
\bullet  For Paystack payments: contact Paystack support for refund processing\par
\pard
\par
{\b Scenario 4: A player drops out and wants a refund}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  TeeRex does not process manual refunds for standard paid tournaments\par
\bullet  If you enabled Refund Protection during setup: check the Refund tab in management\par
\bullet  For one-off refunds: arrange directly with the player via Paystack\par
\pard
\par
{\b Scenario 5: You want to add a co-organiser to help manage the tournament}\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  Go to {\b Access Control Tab \arrow  Delegate Manager}\par
\bullet  Enter their TeeRex profile details\par
\bullet  They will see this tournament in their "Managed by You" section under My Events\par
\bullet  They can lock/unlock registrations and view the attendee list \emdash  they cannot edit event details or access funds\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 4.4 \emdash  Post-Tournament Wrap-Up (10 minutes)\par}
\par
{\b After the tournament has ended:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  {\b Lock registrations} permanently (if not already done)\par
2.  {\b Export attendee list} for your own records: who registered, who paid, use for future tournament invites\par
3.  For paid tournaments: confirm revenue received in your bank account via Paystack dashboard\par
4.  {\b For future reference:} the event page stays live as a permanent record of the tournament\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs24\b Topic 4.5 \emdash  Running Repeat Tournaments / Series (5 minutes)\par}
\par
\pard\li360
\bullet  After your first successful tournament, the process becomes routine: Create \arrow  Configure \arrow  Publish \arrow  Manage \arrow  Wrap up\par
\bullet  For a series (e.g., weekly tournaments): create each tournament as a separate event on TeeRex\par
\bullet  Reuse the same event banner image \emdash  just update the date/season in the title each time\par
\bullet  Your payout bank account stays linked \emdash  you only set it up once\par
\bullet  Build a player community: share each new tournament link to registered players from the previous event\par
\pard
\par\par

{\f1\fs26\b\cf2 PART 2: TRAINEE PRACTICE \emdash  FULL CAPSTONE RUN (35 minutes)\par}
\par
{\i Trainee turns on their screen share. This is the final assessment \emdash  complete the full flow without help.}\par
\par
{\b Task: Create, publish, and manage a complete COD Mobile tournament from scratch.}\par
\par
\pard\li360\li360\ri360\box\brdrs\brdrw10
{\b Tournament spec to create:}\par
\par
Name: TeeRex COD Mobile \emdash  [Trainee\rquote s Name] Finals\par
Description: Solo elimination, 16 slots, 荘 2,500 entry fee, Discord link as location\par
Date: 3 weeks from today, 8 PM \endash  11 PM, Virtual\par
Transferability: OFF, Waitlist: ON\par
Payment: Paystack / 荘 2,500\par
Confirmation Message: "You\rquote re in! Join the Discord for your bracket details."\par
Publish it live.\par
\pard
\par\par
{\b After publishing, trainee demonstrates:}\par
\par
\pard\li360
1.  Navigate to My Events and open the management panel for the new tournament\par
2.  Walk the trainer through each tab: Overview, Registrations, Access Control\par
3.  Demonstrate locking registrations and then unlocking them again\par
4.  Answer: {\i "Three players registered but one just messaged asking to withdraw. What do you do?"}\par
5.  Answer: {\i "You want to add a co-organiser. Walk me through the steps."}\par
6.  Answer: {\i "The tournament is over. What are the three things you do to wrap up?"}\par
\pard
\par
{\b\cf5 Pass criteria:} Trainee completes the full flow independently, successfully manages the event, and answers all three scenario questions correctly.\par
\par\par\par

{\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrsp100\par}
\par

{\f1\fs30\b\cf2 QUICK REFERENCE CARD\par}
\par
{\i Print or keep this handy for daily use.}\par
\par

{\f2\fs20
{\trowd\trgaph100
\cellx4000\cellx8000
{\b Task}\cell {\b Where to Go}\cell\row
Create a new tournament\cell Click Create Event in the navigation\cell\row
See all your tournaments\cell My Events\cell\row
Open the management dashboard\cell My Events \arrow  Manage button on the event card\cell\row
Lock / unlock registrations\cell Management Dashboard \arrow  Registrations tab \arrow  Toggle\cell\row
See who\rquote s registered\cell Management Dashboard \arrow  Registrations tab\cell\row
Add or remove from allow list\cell Management Dashboard \arrow  Access Control tab\cell\row
View waitlisted players\cell Management Dashboard \arrow  Access Control tab \arrow  Waitlist\cell\row
Set up / update bank account\cell Profile \arrow  Vendor Payout Account\cell\row
Share your event with players\cell Copy the live event URL from My Events\cell\row
See your own purchased tickets\cell My Tickets\cell\row
}
}\par
\par\par

{\f1\fs30\b\cf2 KEY RULES TO ALWAYS REMEMBER\par}
\par
\pard\li360
1.  {\b Double-check capacity and price before publishing} \emdash  these cannot be changed after going live\par
2.  {\b Link your bank account before publishing a paid (NGN) tournament} \emdash  otherwise you won\rquote t receive payments\par
3.  {\b Lock registrations before the tournament starts} \emdash  prevents last-minute sign-ups that disrupt your bracket\par
4.  {\b The platform is NOT a refund processor} \emdash  handle refunds directly with players via Paystack for one-off cases\par
5.  {\b You only need to set up your bank account once} \emdash  it stays linked for all future events\par
\pard
\par\par\par

{\f1\fs18\cf3 Document Version: May 2025  |  Platform: TeeRex  |  Training Context: COD Mobile Tournament Operations\par}
}
